!!!!!!!!!!! HOME PAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Welcome!

Toronto Christian Community Church and 105 Gibson Centre have partnered with Mosaic Interfaith Out of the Cold to bring safety, refuge, warm hospitality and emergency shelter in the York region to the homeless or those in need during the coldest weeks of the winter season. We provide services ranging from warm meals to overnight shelter to various social services.

For more information on Toronto Christian Community Church, visit our website here
For more information on 105 Gibson Centre, visit our website here
For more information on Mosaic Interfaith Out of the Cold and it's 12 host communities, visit their website here


The 2019 OOTC Year

When:       Every Sunday from January 20 to March 31 (11 weeks)
Where:      105 Gibson Centre (105 Gibson Drive, Markham, ON L3R 3K7 )


Volunteer Opportunities

Hospitality:        Serving meals and socializing with guests
Kitchen:            Food preparation, cooking and cleaning
Clothing Bank:      Organizing and distributing of clothing items
Registration:       Administration of entry and exit of guests and volunteers
Setup/Cleanup:      Service room setup and cleanup
Special Services:   Social assistance, medical assistance and other services

To sign up, click one of the tabs at the top of the page





!!!!!!!!!! Hospitality !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Hospitality Team focuses on providing a warm and friendly experience to guests.  
The team handles serving snacks and dinner, replenishing coffee and tea, and is highly encouraged to spend time with guests in conversation or activity.

Tasks include: serving snacks (3:30pm-6pm), serving dinner (6pm-9:30pm), socializing with guests, and other general duties required.



!!!!!!!!!! Kitchen !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Kitchen Team focuses on preparing, cooking, and serving 60+ meals to our guests during the dinner service. The team prepares a unique menu each week consisting of soup, main and dessert.

Tasks include: grocery shopping, food prep, cooking, dish-washing, and other kitchen duties as required

Note: Volunteers are especially needed for Monday morning to prepare breakfast for overnight guests.

IMPORTANT: The Kitchen Teamrecommended for highly experienced cooks and not beginners. If you sign up for one of these roles, we may contact you to follow up for more information.





!!!!!!!!! Clothing Bank !!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Clothing Bank Team focuses on distributing various clothing items to our guests and organizing new apparel that is purchased or donated. The team aims to assist guest in finding what they need and ensuring that all guests are able to get what they what they need.

Tasks include: organizing and categorizing apparel, assisting guests in selecting apparel, and other duties as required.






!!!!!!!!! Registration !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The Registration Team focuses on attending to guests and volunteers entering and exiting the premises. The team checks-in guests and coordinates services for the guests such as showers, hair cuts, medical services and social services. 

Tasks include: front desk administration, service scheduling and coordination, and other duties as required. 

Note: Volunteers are especially needed for Monday morning during the departure of overnight guests.





!!!!!!!!! SETUP/CLEANUP !!!!!!!!!!!

The Setup/Cleanup Team focuses on setting up and cleaning up the rooms for dining and various services. The team handles setup Sunday afternoon before guests arrive and cleanup on Monday morning after guests depart. 

Tasks include: setting up tables, chairs, and specialized layouts for service rooms.

Note: Volunteers are especially needed for Monday morning to cleanup the area.